John Valera here at Audi Lighthouse
Point and I'm here with one individual
that has an unbelievable out er a
twin-turbo stuff so the engine and we're
going out right now then what can you
tell us about this car sir it's fast
what's what's it do even what's a zero
to sixty on this thing I don't know
biasa
oh my god
how much did you put in this car total
like one
that is just nuts now do you ever take
you to the track stuff like that to fool
around with it once but I didn't know
how to do the launching control so I
stole it so just kind of funny I believe
note to say Wow
you ever get in a situation where like a
Ferrari Maserati and Lambo no I didn't
think so but they test you so amazing
we're gonna pop the engine show you that
talk about this is an unbelievable car
this is the coolest alright I've ever
seen
look at that Haffner twin turbo light
what's the what's the displacement on
this one I have no idea you know what
this is a 5.2 but they had to pour out
the cylinder stroke it yeah hey folks
jdb here I'm doing the best I can to
give you the best shots of this vehicle
of course the day this car shows up I
didn't have my good video equipment with
me but this car is absolutely incredible
I'm trying to show the engine here just
a beautiful beautiful vehicle I'm going
to see if I can get some more videos of
this vehicle for you so stay tuned for
that
my office
you